2.6.0 (#112)
MetaMask/auto-changelog: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [2.6.0]

> ### Uncategorized
> - Read repository from package.json if `npm_package_repository_url` is not set ([#111](https://github.com/MetaMask/auto-changelog/pull/111))
> - Fix CI changelog validation step ([#108](https://github.com/MetaMask/auto-changelog/pull/108))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
- Read repository URL from package.json if `npm_package_repository_url` is not set ([#111](https://github.com/MetaMask/auto-changelog/pull/111))
  - This makes this package compatible with Yarn >1.
```
